chore(browser): update core web vitals docs (#16570)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/cx-improve-page-load.mdx

* [Google's approach to LCP optimization](https://web.dev/optimize-lcp/).
* [Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse) is a tool by Google that runs a synthetic test against a specific page and provides a list of recommendations that include how to optimize CLS.

## Interaction to next paint (INP)

> Interaction to next paint (INP) is the time between when a user first interacts with a page to the time when the browser is able to respond. It's a field metric that varies based on real user behavior (results vary based on user impatience and action timing) but can be optimized by reducing total blocking time (TBT).

Author: ```suggestion
Interaction to next paint (INP) is the time between when a user interacts with a page via clicks, taps, and keyboard interactions with a page throughout its lifespan. It's a field metric that varies based on real user behavior (results vary based on user impatience and action timing) but can be optimized by reducing total blocking time (TBT).
```

To do this, you need to:
* Break up long blocking tasks.
* Optimize bloated JavaScript.

> * Look at moving logic server side and/or use web workers to run threads in the background.

Author: @CherylFrankenfield I didn't update the surrounding language originally written for FID. Is this still correct for INP?

Reviewer: @ally-sassman It includes clicks, taps, and keyboard interactions with a page throughout its lifespan, and not just the first interaction. INP will be a score of the longest duration from a user's interactions.
